Support wrangler2 - v2 (#72)
cloudflare/wrangler-action: README.md

# Wrangler GitHub Action

Easy to use GitHub Action to use [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/cli-wrangler/). Makes deploying Workers, Pages or modifying R2 easy to do!

[See changelog here](CHANGELOG.md)

## Usage

> Add `wrangler-action` to the workflow for your Workers/Pages application. The below example will publish a Worker on pushes to the `main` branch:

Author: On a git push, how's this?
```suggestion
Add `wrangler-action` to the workflow for your Workers/Pages application. The below example will publish a Worker on a git push to the `main` branch:
```

> Add `wrangler-action` to the workflow for your Workers/Pages application. The below example will publish a Worker on a git push to the `main` branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `wrangler-action` to the workflow for your Workers/Pages application. The below example will publish a Worker on a `git push` to the `main` branch:
```

        SECRET2: ${{ secrets.SECRET2 }}
```

> If you need to run additional shell commands before or after your command, you can specify them as input to `preCommands` (before publish) or `postCommands` (after publish). These can include additional `wrangler` commands (i.e. `build`, `kv:key put`) or any other commands available inside the `wrangler-action` context.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to run additional shell commands before or after your command, you can specify them as input to `preCommands` (before `publish`) or `postCommands` (after `publish`). These can include additional `wrangler` commands (that is, `whoami`, `kv:key put`) or any other commands available inside the `wrangler-action` context.
```

```yaml
jobs:
  deploy:
    steps:
      uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
      with:
        apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
        command: publish
        preCommands: echo "*** pre command ***"
        postCommands: |
          echo "*** post commands ***"
          wrangler kv:key put --binding=MY_KV key2 value2
          echo "******"
```

You can use the `command` option to do specific actions such as running `wrangler whoami` against your project:

```yaml
jobs:
  deploy:
    steps:
      uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
      with:
        apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
        command: whoami
```

## Use cases

> ### Deploying when commits are merged to main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy when commits are merged to main
```

The above workflow examples have already shown how to run `wrangler-action` when new commits are merged to the main branch. For most developers, this workflow will easily replace manual deploys and be a great first integration step with `wrangler-action`:

```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Deploy
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Publish
        uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
        with:
          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
          command: publish
```

Note that there are a number of possible events, like `push`, that can be used to trigger a workflow. For more details on the events available, refer to the [GitHub Actions documentation](https://help.github.com/en/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#on).

> ### Deploying Pages site (production & preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy your Pages site (production & preview)
```

> If you want to deploy your Pages project with GitHub Actions rather than the built-in CI, then this is a great way to do it. Wrangler v2 will populate the commit message and branch for you. You only need to pass the project name. If a push to a non-production branch is done, it will publish as a preview deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy your Pages project with GitHub Actions rather than the built-in CI, then this is a great way to do it. Wrangler 2 will populate the commit message and branch for you. You only need to pass the project name. If a push to a non-production branch is done, it will publish as a preview deployment:
```

What is a CI? Need to add full noun then (CI) in this first sentence.

      with:
        apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
        command: publish
        preCommands: echo "*** pre command ***"
        postCommands: |
          echo "*** post commands ***"
          wrangler kv:key put --binding=MY_KV key2 value2
          echo "******"
```

You can use the `command` option to do specific actions such as running `wrangler build` against your project:

```yaml
jobs:
  deploy:
    steps:
      uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
      with:
        apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
        command: build
```

## Use cases

### Deploying when commits are merged to main

The above workflow examples have already shown how to run `wrangler-action` when new commits are merged to the main branch. For most developers, this workflow will easily replace manual deploys and be a great first integration step with `wrangler-action`:

```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Deploy
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Publish
        uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
        with:
          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
          command: publish
```

> Note that there are a number of possible events, like `push`, that can be used to trigger a workflow. For more details on the events available, check out the [GitHub Actions documentation](https://help.github.com/en/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that there are a number of possible events, like `push`, that can be used to trigger a workflow. For more details on the events available, refer to the [GitHub Actions documentation](https://help.github.com/en/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#on).
```

### Deploying Pages site (production & preview)

> If you wanted to deploy your Pages project with GitHub Actions rather than the built-in CI then this is a great way to do it. Wrangler v2 will populate the commit message and branch for you so you only need to pass the project name. If a push to a non-production branch is done, it will publish as a preview deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy your Pages project with GitHub Actions rather than the built-in CI, then this is a great way to do it. Wrangler v2 will populate the commit message and branch for you. You only need to pass the project name. If a push to a non-production branch is done, it will publish as a preview deployment:
```

```yaml
on: [push]

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Deploy
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Publish
        uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
        with:
          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
          accountId: ${{ secrets.CF_ACCOUNT_ID }}
          command: pages publish --project-name=example
```

### Deploying on a schedule

> If you'd like to deploy your Workers application on a recurring basis – for instance, every hour, or daily – the `schedule` trigger allows you to use cron syntax to define a workflow schedule. The below example will deploy at the beginning of every hour:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to deploy your Workers application on a recurring basis – for example, every hour, or daily – the `schedule` trigger allows you to use cron syntax to define a workflow schedule. The below example will deploy at the beginning of every hour:
```

jobs:
  deploy:
    steps:
      uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
      with:
        apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
        command: publish
        preCommands: echo "*** pre command ***"
        postCommands: |
          echo "*** post commands ***"
          wrangler kv:key put --binding=MY_KV key2 value2
          echo "******"
```

> You can use the `command` option to do specific actions such as running `wrangler build` against your project:

Reviewer 2: `wrangler build` is no longer a thing in Wrangler 2.
Perhaps remove this sentence?

Author: I think it's still good to have this little bit, should just be a different command. Not sure what that command should be right now though...

```yaml
jobs:
  deploy:
    steps:
      uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
      with:
        apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
        command: build
```

## Use cases

### Deploying when commits are merged to main

The above workflow examples have already shown how to run `wrangler-action` when new commits are merged to the main branch. For most developers, this workflow will easily replace manual deploys and be a great first integration step with `wrangler-action`:

```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Deploy
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Publish
        uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
        with:
          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
          command: publish
```

Note that there are a number of possible events, like `push`, that can be used to trigger a workflow. For more details on the events available, refer to the [GitHub Actions documentation](https://help.github.com/en/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#on).

### Deploying Pages site (production & preview)

> If you want to deploy your Pages project with GitHub Actions rather than the built-in CI, then this is a great way to do it. Wrangler v2 will populate the commit message and branch for you. You only need to pass the project name. If a push to a non-production branch is done, it will publish as a preview deployment:

Reviewer 2: What decides if a branch is "production" or not?

Author: If they create the project through CLI, they can configure it. The dashboard defaults to using "production".

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Deploy
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Publish app
        uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
        with:
          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}

>           command: publish

Reviewer 3: I'd get rid of all of these from the docs to be ✨ clean ✨ if they're not required now :)

```

If you need help defining the correct cron syntax, check out [crontab.guru](https://crontab.guru/), which provides a friendly user interface for validating your cron schedule.

> ### Deploying on a "dispatched" event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploying on a dispatched event
```

Reviewer 2: I think that mentioning dispatch event here at all is an implementation concern.
Instead what the user wants to do here is trigger a deploy manually...

```suggestion
### Manually triggering a deployment
```

> If you need to trigger a workflow at-will, you can use GitHub's `workflow_dispatch` [event](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch) in your workflow file. By setting your workflow to trigger on that event, you'll be able to deploy your application via the GitHub UI. The UI also accepts inputs that can be used to configure the action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to trigger a workflow at-will, you can use GitHub's `workflow_dispatch` [event](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch) in your workflow file. By setting your workflow to trigger on that event, you will be able to deploy your application via the GitHub UI. The UI also accepts inputs that can be used to configure the action:
```

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: Deploy
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Publish app
        uses: cloudflare/wrangler-action@2.0.0
        with:
          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
          command: publish --env ${{ github.event.inputs.environment }}
```

> For more advanced usage or to programmatically trigger the workflow from scripts, check out [the docs](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/actions#create-a-workflow-dispatch-event) for making API calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more advanced usage or to programmatically trigger the workflow from scripts, refer to [the GitHub documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/actions#create-a-workflow-dispatch-event) for making API calls.
```

## Troubleshooting

### "I just started using Workers/Wrangler and I don't know what this is!"

> No problem! Check out the [Quick Start guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) in our docs to get started. Once you have a Workers application, you may want to set it up to automatically deploy from GitHub whenever you change your project. That's where this action comes in - nice!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Quick Start guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) to get started. Once you have a Workers application, you may want to set it up to automatically deploy from GitHub whenever you change your project.
```

### "[ERROR] No account id found, quitting.."

> You will need to add `account_id = ""` in `wrangler.toml` or set `accountId` in this GitHub Action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to add `account_id = ""` in your `wrangler.toml` file or set `accountId` in this GitHub Action.
```
